bin/markup-all.py
chapters/preface/todo.md -> dest/chapters/preface
chapters/preface/contributors.md -> dest/chapters/preface
chapters/preface/format.md -> dest/chapters/preface
chapters/preface/preface.md -> dest/chapters/preface
chapters/incomming/kafka.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/datalab.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/teradataintellibase.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/ibm-bigreplicate.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/apache-impala.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/sharepoint.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/google-firebase.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/gobblin.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/mesosphere.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/synthetic-data-vault.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/tokudb.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/azure-blob-storage.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/dmtk.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/cloudwatch.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/elkstack.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/onedrive.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/apache-mahout.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/pig.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/fission.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/sagemaker.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/kubernetes.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/puppet.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/ranger.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/druid.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/gossip.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/rabbitmq.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/mahout.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/mapbox.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/firebase.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/blockchain.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/drake.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/presto.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/amazon-deeplens.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/amazon-glacier.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/spanner.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/mlab.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/wso2analytics.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/hue.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/genomics.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/mariadb.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/cloudhub.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/greengrass.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/amazon-lightsail.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/thegolanguage.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/hyperledger-indy.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/systemml.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/skytap.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/opennn.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/openchain.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/bluemix.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/connectthedots.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/apache-whirr.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/iics.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/redis.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/logicalglue.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/foundationbenchmarks.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/monetdb.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/oozie.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/dbplyr.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/pytorch.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/alibabacloud.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/dsx.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/clojure.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/apache-phoenix.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/bmc.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/gephi.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/h2o.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/openvz.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/openrefine.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/qds.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/apache-ignite.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/azure-cosmosdb.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/hyperledger-sawtooth.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/samoa.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/apttus.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/hyperledger-burrow.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/twilio.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/rightscale-cloud-management.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/apache-avro.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/ethereum.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/amazon-cloudfront.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/bigtop.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/oraclenosqldb.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/apache-zookeeper.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/teradata-intelliflex.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/amazon-redshift.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/neptune.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/carbondata.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/zmanda.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/sales-cloud.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/sharelatex.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/appfog.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/ripple.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/xgboost.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/knime.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/apache-curator.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/ibm-db2bigsql.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/linkedinwherehows.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/databricks.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/apache-chukwa.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/apache-cloudstack.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/instabug.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/seti-at-home.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/kylin.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/pulsar.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/javascript.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/spagobi.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/pool.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/rackspace.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/atomsphere.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/athena.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/amazon-dynamodb.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/hyperledger-iroha.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/amazon-ec2.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/google-loadbalancing.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/milagro.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/hbase.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/apache-accumulo.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/theano.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/kudu.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/lumify.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/emr.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/caffe.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/firepad.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/cntk.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/teradatakylo.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/stardog.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/apatar.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/opendaylight.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/keras.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/amazon-apigateway.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/dremel.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/amazon-aurora.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/id2020.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/orange.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/vision.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/pubnub.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/google-appengine.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/amazon-s3.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/predictionio.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/denodo.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/pivotalrabbitmq.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/bigml.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/cognito.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/apache-drill.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/apache-karaf.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/sqoop.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/cenos.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/hyperledger-fabric.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/node.js.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/pivotal.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/google-docs.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/odbc.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/cloudtrail.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/nifi.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/apache-mesos.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/tableau.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/metron.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/datameer.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/amazon-codestar.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/tibcodatasynapsegridserver.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/graphql.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/united-states-consumer-financial-protection-bureau.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/apache-deltacloud.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/jmp.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/gcp-bd.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/dbi.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/futuregrid.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/arangodb.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/gcp-cd.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/cascading.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/lightgbm.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/ansible.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/spinnaker.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/elasticsearch.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/netflix.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/intelcloudfinder.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/amazon-ml.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/jelastic.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/couchdb.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/apache-kylin.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/orientdb.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/amazon-rds.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/paxata.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/neo4j.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/cloudautoml.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/weka.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/apache-geode.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/azure-blas.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/mvs.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/jaspersoft.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/cloudlet.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/tensorflow.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/amazon-vpc.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/sqlite.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/world-bank-open-data.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/apache-atlas.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/edgecomputing.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/docker.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/lingual.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/google-bigquery.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/edgent.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/opennebula.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/synthea.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/fluentd.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/scribe.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/hpcc.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/oracle-cloud-machine.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/backblaze.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/clive.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/github-developer.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/appscale.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/apache-ambari.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/solr.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/morpheus.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/rapidminer.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/hadoop.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/hcatalog.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/esri-data-services.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/treasuredata.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/ibm-cloud.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/google-computeengine.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/dokku.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/mongodb.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/google-cloudbigtable.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/talend.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/google-stackdriver.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/amazon-fargate.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/linode.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/oraclecoherence.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/zeppelin.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/amazon-elasticbeanstalk.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/apache-couchdb.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/scikit-learn.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/alluxio.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/incomming/owncloud.md -> dest/chapters/incomming
chapters/tech/kafka.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/swift.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/impala.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/openjpa.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/amazon-route-53.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/gffs.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/pilot-jobs.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/http.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/galera-cluster.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/blaze.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/pivotal-gpload-gpfdist.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/engine-yard.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/celery.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/apache-ranger.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/blazegraph.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/dl4j.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/facebook-puma-ptail-scribe-ods.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/voldemort.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/pig.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/graphx.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/puppet.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/apache-knox.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/cloudability.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/graylog.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/rabbitmq.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/mahout.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/spark.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/ibm-dashdb.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/lumberyard.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/presto.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/linkedin.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/mrql.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/inca.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/ibm-system-g.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/drill.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/azure-data-factory.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/mesos.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/osgi.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/thean.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/d3.js.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/azure-sql.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/mlbase.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/aws-elastic-beanstalk.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/dotcloud.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/voltdb.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/hive.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/solandra.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/riak.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/e-science-central.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/jitterbit.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/azure-table.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/winery.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/llama.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/totem.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/datanucleus.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/amazon-sns.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/google-bigtable.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/harp.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/ceph.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/logstash.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/google-and-other-public-clouds.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/google-chubby.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/opentosca.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/thrift.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/gitreceive.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/vsphere-and-vcloud.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/rya.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/sahara.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/cisco-intelligent-automation-for-cloud.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/amazon-kinesis.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/eduroam.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/omid.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/cuda.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/redis.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/google-omega.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/bot.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/kestrel.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/azure-stream-analytics.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/storm.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/db2.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/spark-streaming.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/cdap.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/google-app-engine.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/zht.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/cobbler.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/fiddler.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/yarn.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/oozie.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/saltstack.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/imagej.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/heroku.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/gora-general-object-from-nosql.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/buildstep.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/netcdf.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/htcondor.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/allegrograph.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/ibm-watson.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/twister.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/tycoon.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/docker-machine-swarm.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/h2o.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/openvz.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/jgroups.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/openid.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/mr-mpi.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/tajo.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/openrefine.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/qemu.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/crunch.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/xcat.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/karajan.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/saml-oauth.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/ftp.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/chef.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/pbdr.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/tez.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/fuse.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/hama.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/mllib.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/atmosphere.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/rasdaman.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/genesis.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/open-mpi.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/leveldb.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/apache-oodt.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/ibm-spectrum-scale-formerly-gpfs.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/giraffe.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/samza.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/jms.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/opendap.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/kvm.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/mysql.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/granules.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/torque.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/cinder.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/shark.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/apache-ant.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/google-cloud-dataflow.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/flume.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/biokepler.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/galois.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/security-and-privacy.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/amazon.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/openstack-keystone.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/amazon-redshift.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/amazon-dynamo.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/neptune.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/google-pub-sub.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/snort.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/splunk.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/daal-intel.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/hibernate.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/lustre.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/appfog.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/ehcache.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/naradabrokering.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/flink-streaming.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/bittorrent.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/ssh.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/dataturbine.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/google-cloud-dns.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/databus.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/globus-tools.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/oracle.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/eucalyptus.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/cloudstack.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/virtualbox.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/pybrain.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/potree.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/summingbird.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/openstack-ironic.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/netty.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/azure-machine-learning.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/razor.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/ode.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/google-dremel.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/lxd.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/scalapack.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/odbc-jdbc.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/torch.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/incommon.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/h-store.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/kite.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/any2api.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/apache-apex.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/distributed-coordination.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/cinet.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/pivotal-gemfire.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/protobuf.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/apache-arrow.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/sentry.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/hdfs.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/hbase.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/titan-db.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/phoenix.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/n1ql.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/ibm-cloudant.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/cloudml.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/parasol.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/giraph.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/openstack-heat.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/ubuntu-maas.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/yarcdata.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/ganglia.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/three.js.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/taverna.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/nimbus.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/parquet.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/lxc.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/facebook-tupperware.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/sesame.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/s4.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/kibana.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/fits.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/libvirt.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/medusa-gpu.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/caffe.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/whirr.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/event-hubs.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/rcfile.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/occi.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/cntk.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/terraform.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/stratosphere-apache-flink.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/red-hat-openshift.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/azure-blob.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/google-prediction-api-and-translation-api.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/ldap.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/floe.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/apatar.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/tika.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/tyrant.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/robot-operating-system-ros.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/slurm.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/cubrid.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/zeromq.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/openpbs.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/google-cloud-sql.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/linux-vserver.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/twitter-heron.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/stackato.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/kepler.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/oodt.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/f4.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/airavata.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/nwb.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/amazon-s3.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/r.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/rocks.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/saga.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/cdf.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/polybase.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/activemq.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/espresso.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/lucene.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/orc.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/azure-queues.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/sqoop.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/postgresql.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/rkt.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/google-millwheel.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/google-datastore.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/keystoneml.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/memcached.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/ibm-bluemix.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/pivotal.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/bioconductor.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/nifi-nsa.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/couchbase-server.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/dc.js.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/devopslang.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/hadoopdb.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/blinkdb.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/wink.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/cassandra.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/coreos.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/tableau.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/cloudmesh.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/nagios.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/graphlab.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/globus-online-gridftp.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/publish-subscribe-big-data.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/hazelcast.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/apache-beam.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/sawzall.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/berkeley-db.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/apache-flex.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/datafu.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/amqp.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/docker-compose.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/cascading.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/pentah.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/reef.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/google-flumejava.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/ansible.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/elasticsearch.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/apache-tomcat.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/hpx-5.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/jelastic.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/aerobatic.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/sge.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/spark-sql.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/couchdb.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/pivotal-greenplum.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/google-f1.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/juju.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/facebook-corona.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/amazon-rds.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/jupyter-and-ipython.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/hubzer.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/eclipselink.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/jclouds.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/openstack.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/neo4j.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/petsc.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/trident.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/complearn.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/sql-server.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/megastore-and-spanner.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/vmware-esxi.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/google-fusion-tables.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/tensorflow.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/dryad.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/google-cloud-storage.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/sqlite.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/infinispan.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/mlpy.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/google-cloud-machine-learning.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/tinkerpop.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/xen.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/agave.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/stomp.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/ligra.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/dream-lab.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/blueprints.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/google-bigquery.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/mqtt.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/lmdb-key-value.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/apache-derby.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/pegasus.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/opencv.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/accumul.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/opennebula.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/qpid.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/jena.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/galaxy.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/pregel.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/foreman.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/sap-hana.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/hdf.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/ambari.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/gluster.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/activebpel.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/apache-hawq.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/lambda.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/point-to-point.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/cloudbees.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/appscale.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/naiad.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/solr.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/uima.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/marionette-collective.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/libcloud.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/graphchi.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/hadoop.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/hcatalog.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/sqrrl.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/facebook-tao.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/irods.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/avr.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/ninefold.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/oracle-pgx.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/askalon.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/dokku.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/triana.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/aws-opsworks.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/cloud-foundry.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/moab.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/tosca.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/scidb.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/mongodb.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/helix.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/kyoto-tokyo-cabinet.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/talend.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/cdmi.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/mapgraph.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/haystack.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/kyoto-cabinet.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/disco.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/hpc-stream-processing.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/plasma-magma.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/zookeeper.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/graphdb.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/zeppelin.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/graphbuilder-intel.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/scalding.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/hyper-v.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/scikit-learn.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/azure.md -> dest/chapters/tech
chapters/tech/google-kubernetes.md -> dest/chapters/tech
echo > dest/all.md
cat dest/chapters/tech/*.md >> dest/all.md
find dest/chapters/incomming/*.md | xargs -I{} sh -c "cat {}; echo ''" >  dest/incomming.md
cat bib/*.bib > dest/all.bib
pandoc --verbose -f markdown+smart -f markdown+emoji --indented-code-classes=bash,python,yaml  --toc --number-sections --epub-embed-font='fonts/*.ttf' --bibliography dest/all.bib  --csl=template/ieee-with-url.csl --css=template/epub.css --reference-location=block -o vonLaszewski-cloud-technologies.epub metadata.txt ./dest/chapters/preface/todo.md ./pullrequests.md ./bibtex-error.md ./biber-error.md ./label-errors.md ./status.md ./dest/chapters/preface/preface.md ./dest/chapters/preface/format.md ./dest/chapters/preface/contributors.md ./dest/authors.md ./README.md ./template/technologies.md ./dest/all.md ./template/incomming.md ./dest/incomming.md ./template/refernces.md
pandoc-citeproc: reference fa18-423-03-berkeleydb not found
pandoc-citeproc: reference www-couchdb.apache not found
pandoc-citeproc: reference www-couchdb.apache not found
pandoc-citeproc: reference www-rdc114 not found
pandoc-citeproc: reference www-ftp-man not found
pandoc-citeproc: reference Inside_look_at_Google_Bigquery not found
pandoc-citeproc: reference fa18-423-02-hbase-org not found
pandoc-citeproc: reference fa18-423-02-hbase not found
pandoc-citeproc: reference Harkness-2017 not found
pandoc-citeproc: reference fa18-523-52-architectural not found
pandoc-citeproc: reference fa18-423-03-virtualbox not found
pandoc-citeproc: reference fa18-523-85-vcloud not found
[INFO] No value for 'lang' was specified in the metadata.
  It is recommended that lang be specified for this format.
[INFO] No value for 'lang' was specified in the metadata.
  It is recommended that lang be specified for this format.
[INFO] No value for 'lang' was specified in the metadata.
  It is recommended that lang be specified for this format.
[INFO] No value for 'lang' was specified in the metadata.
  It is recommended that lang be specified for this format.
[INFO] No value for 'lang' was specified in the metadata.
  It is recommended that lang be specified for this format.
[INFO] No value for 'lang' was specified in the metadata.
  It is recommended that lang be specified for this format.
[INFO] No value for 'lang' was specified in the metadata.
  It is recommended that lang be specified for this format.
[INFO] No value for 'lang' was specified in the metadata.
  It is recommended that lang be specified for this format.
