\section{Apache Atlas}

Apache atlas is the novel adaptable platform which incorporates the
center set of the functional administration services. The Apache atlas
empowers the ventures to effectively meet the prerequisites inside the
Hadoop.  Additionally, it delivers the integration of the entire data
environment.  The database researchers, data analysts, and the data
administration group can take advantage of the open metadata
management and the administration capabilities can be utilized for the
organizations to create and make the catalog of their information
resources. These resources can be classified and collaborated inside
the venture effortlessly~\cite{hid-sp18-412-Apache_Atlas_by_Maven}.

There are three main core components of the Apache Atlas, Type System,
Graph Engine and Ingest/Export. The type system enables the modeling
of the metadata for the objects that are intended to be administered.
The metadata objects are represented by the \textit{entities} which
are the instances of the \textit{Types}. Inside the Apache Atlas, the
metadata objects are managed with the help of the graph model. The
rich relationships between the metadata objects are taken care by this
approach by providing the good adaptability and effective handling of
the relationships. Additionally, the graph engine also provides the
effective indexing by creating the relevant indices for the metadata
objects with the goal of providing the efficient search results. The
next component called ingest helps the users to post the metadata to
the Atlas. In contrast, the export component will help the users to
expose the metadata of the Atlas and creates an event specific to each
change. The end users will able to respond to these alterations in the
real time by consuming these change
events~\cite{hid-sp18-412-Apache_Atlas_architecture}.

