\section{Zmanda}
Zmanda is an open source platform which offers open source cloud
backup.  The recovery software and the services provided by Zmanda are
used by many of the small and the mid-size ventures. In order to
effectively protect the Linux, Solaris, Windows, Mac OS X environments
and enable the backup and recovery in these operating systems, Zmanda
offers the Amanda Enterprise. The Zmanda Recovery Manager (ZRM) is
targeted to achieve the functionalities for scheduling the full and
incremental backups~\cite{hid-sp18-412-zmanda_crunchbase}.

There has been a huge growth in the data size in the recent years and
numerous organizations lack the budget and don't have the ability to
perform the complex tasks and manage the costly backups. In order to
effectively address this, Zmanda provides the Amanda Enterprise which
offers the backup and recovery services that integrates and provides
the quick setup, disentangled administration to tasks, and less
cost. Amand Enterprise liberates us from being bolted into a vendor by
providing the standard formats and
tools~\cite{hid-sp18-412-zmanda_amanda}.


Amanda Enterprise is one of the toll compelling and predominant
commercial open source backup and recovery software. It provides the
less time consuming solution with the goal to implement the backup
tasks in a simplified manner for the various systems, databases and
other applications. Apart, from these it also establishes the secure
environment that puts a barrier for intruders to avoid breaching the
critical data and the engineers can quickly restore the backups in a
chaotic situation~\cite{hid-sp18-412-zmanda_webinar}.

