\section{Ethereum}
\index{Ethereum}

Ethereum is an open-source, public, distributed computing that ``runs
smart contracts: applications that run exactly as programmed without
any possibility of downtime, censorship, fraud or third-party
interference''~\cite{hid-sp18-506-EthereumOrg}.

A smart contract is a computer protocol intended to digitally
facilitate, verify, or enforce the negotiation or performance of a
contract without third parties which means there is no need for
\emph{middlemen} like lawyers or notaries. In theory, this means that
you can carry out transactions without the waiting times inherent to
paper filings, and without paying fees to whoever would typically
oversee such a transaction.  This is particularly important for people
living in countries where the legal system is corrupt, or woefully
inefficient.  These transactions are trackable and irreversible.

Although smart contract technology is still a very new, it has a wide
range of potential applications like as voting, global supply chains,
medical records, the financial system.  It is very promising it is
believed that its full potential has yet to be discovered.


One application of Ethereum is the generation of Crypto
currency. There are still a lot of doubts regarding the usefulness of
cryptocurrency. A lot of people are still on the fence whether they
Use cryptocurrency as a real currency or not. However, the blockchain
technology on which Ethereum is running is a real technology that has
a lot of practical applications. Big companies and government
institutions are investing in the blockchain technology and Ethereum
can play a major role in it.
