\section{AppFog}

AppFog which acts as platform-as-a-Service (Paas) is developed on the
basis of the Cloud Foundry by Century Link. It empowers developers to
center on writing advanced cloud-based applications without having to
stress around overseeing the basic foundation. The end result is
expanded deftness and efficiency, more proficient use of resources and
low operational overhead~\cite{hid-sp18-412-century_link_appfog}.

Rather than investing time on provisioning servers, setting up
databases, designing web servers or updating firewalls. AppFog clients
essentially convey their cloud-native applications in an extremely
quick, tough, multi-environment PaaS. AppFog underpins the most
prevalent runtimes and Systems, simplified application scaling, self
load-balancing and many other functionalities. Additionally, with the
advantage of platform-as-a-Service, it guarantees tremendous use cases
to engineers who require less time to release in order to get all the
ends fulfilled with today's strict deadline showcase
requests~\cite{hid-sp18-412-century_link_appfog}.

The portability is enabled by the AppFog by providing the
compatibility at the core level. The applications that are offered by
other cloud foundry providers can be migrated and incorporated in the
same environment.  The third party services such as the database,
notification services and the key value store services can be
integrated into the existing application using the \emph{Cloud Foundry's
User Provided Service Capability}
\cite{hid-sp18-412-century_link_appfog}.

