\section{Lingual}
\index{Cascading}
\index{ANSI-SQL}
\index{Hadoop}

Lingual is a free, open source project designed to build Big Data applications
on Apache Hadoop~\cite{hid-sp18-516-www-drivenio-lingual}. All dependencies are
installed through Maven~\cite{hid-sp18-516-www-wiki-maven}, thereby allowing the 
developers to focus on simply creating the applications which makes this tool 
easy to use~\cite{hid-sp18-516-www-cascading}. Lingual leverages the platform 
support of \textit{Cascading}~\cite{hid-sp18-516-www-wiki-cascading}, a 
stand-alone open source Java application framework used for building 
data-intensive, enterprise Big Data applications and frameworks on 
Hadoop~\cite{hid-sp18-516-www-drivenio-lingual}. Whether on-premise or in the 
cloud, Lingual is compatible with all major distributions of 
Hadoop~\cite{hid-sp18-516-www-drivenio-lingual}. Its ANSI-standard 
SQL~\cite{hid-sp18-516-www-wiki-sql} interface allows SQL users to utilize 
their existing SQL skills to access data locked on the 
Hadoop~\cite{hid-sp18-516-www-wiki-hadoop} clusters, thereby allowing them 
to create Big data applications instantly without undergoing any new 
training~\cite{hid-sp18-516-www-drivenio-lingual}. It also provides a 
JDBC~\cite{hid-sp18-516-www-wiki-jdbc} driver, that can be integrated with many 
existing BI tools and application servers~\cite{hid-sp18-516-www-cascading}. 
Being ANSI-SQL compliant, Lingual enables companies to query and export data 
from Hadoop directly into traditional BI tools~\cite{hid-sp18-516-www-cascading}. 
Lingual also provides other features like a SQL shell which is an interactive 
SQL command interface to interact with Hadoop and a Catalog to map the database 
tables into Hadoop files and resources~\cite{hid-sp18-516-www-cascading}. The 
ability to migrate workloads on to Hadoop either through Cascading applications 
or with the use of legacy SQL statements, significantly reduces the computing
costs~\cite{hid-sp18-516-www-cascading}. Due to it's ease of creating
applications using SQL, JDBC or traditional BI tools, it overcomes the barriers
of integrating Hadoop with the existing data management systems enabling fast
and simple Big Data application development on Apache
Hadoop~\cite{hid-sp18-516-www-drivenio-lingual}.
