\section{Heroku}
\index{Heroku}
 
Heroku, an open cloud platform provides developers a stage where they
can develop and deploy their applications. It is a Platform as a
service solution~\cite{hid-sp18-415-www-heroku}.  Its applications
are run in virtual containers called dynos and services are hosted by
Amazon's EC2 cloud computing platform
~\cite{hid-sp18-415-wiki-heroku}. Dynos support languages like Node,
Python, Ruby, PHP, Scala, Clojure and Java. The applications or source
code and their framework and dependencies can be written in any of the
above specified languages as heroku supports them
~\cite{hid-sp18-415-how-heroku-works}. Source code dependency vary
according to the language being used. Applications are specified in a
text file called \textit{Procfile}
~\cite{hid-sp18-415-how-heroku-works}. Then these applications are
deployed remotely through git push. Besides Git, applications can be
deployed to Heroku using GitHub integration, Dropbox Sync., and Heroku
API~\cite{hid-sp18-415-how-heroku-works}. After applications are
deployed, compilation of source code, their dependencies and necessary
assets take place. The whole assembly of compilation is called slug
~\cite{hid-sp18-415-how-heroku-works}.  Then Heroku executes
application by running command specified in Procfile.  Commercial and
business applications like Macy's, Toyota use Heroku cloud platform
because of its high scalability and its continuous
deployment. PostgreSQL, MongoDB, Redis and Cloudant are common
database choices of Heroku~\cite{hid-sp18-415-www-heroku}.
