\section{ID2020}
\index{ID2020}

ID2020 is a new software tool sponsored by the United Nations. It will
let millions of refugees and other without documents whip out a phone
or other device to quickly show who they are and where they came
from. The tool, developed in part by Microsoft and Accenture, combines
biometric data (like a fingerprint or an iris scan) and a new form of
record-keeping technology, known as the blockchain, to create a
permanent identity.
 
The rapid proliferation of smart devices globally, combined with
ever-increasing computing power and rapidly expanding broadbanda
coverage, enables new methods of registration and facilitates ongoing
interaction between individuals and their identity data.
 
``An estimated 1.1 billion people, including many millions of
children, women and refugees, globally lack any form of officially
recognized identification. Without an identity, individuals are often
invisible - unable to vote, access healthcare, open a bank account, or
receive an education - and bear higher risk for trafficking. Without
accurate population data, public and private organizations struggle to
broadly and accurately deliver the most basic human
services''~\cite{hid-sp18-506-NoID}.

Most people associate cryptocurrency with blockchain. But blockchain
obviously has more to offer. This is an example where the blockchain
technology has a significant social impact outside of the usual
cryptocurrency. It is so revolutionizing it could replace the data
storage that we traditionally use for big data. Blockchain still has a
lot of untapped potential.
