\section{TokuDB}
\index{fractal-tree}
\index{Percona}
\index{high-performance}

TokuDB is an open-source storage engine for 
MySQL~\cite{hid-sp18-516-www-wiki-mysql} and 
MariaDB~\cite{hid-sp18-516-www-wiki-mariadb} used for high-performance in 
write-intensive environments. It uses fractal-tree index data structure, 
that keeps the data sorted and allows searches and sequential data access 
simultaneously, thereby providing improved 
performance~\cite{hid-sp18-516-www-wiki-tokudb}. TokuDB compresses all data 
on disk including indexes, thereby reducing the disk and flash-drive storage 
requirements. It eliminates slave lag with read free 
replication~\cite{hid-sp18-516-www-percona-server-tokudb}. It is ACID and MVCC
compliant and offers online schema-modifications. It is also included in
Percona 
server~\cite{hid-sp18-516-www-percona-tokudb}~\cite{hid-sp18-516-www-wiki-tokudb}. 
The use of fractal-tree technology also enables TokuDB to speed indexing by 10 
times or more, thereby improving the performance of large databases (typically 
50 GB or more). Its exceptional indexing feature makes it an ideal solution for 
applications that must simultaneously query and update huge volumes of rapidly 
arriving data~\cite{hid-sp18-516-www-blackbird-si}. This also makes it scalable 
and improves operational efficiency. TokuDB is well-suited for the demanding
requirements of big data applications as it lowers the infrastructure costs
associated with scaling and optimization
efforts~\cite{hid-sp18-516-www-percona-tokudb}. It has zero-maintenance downtime
which makes it highly available in both public and private environments
including
cloud~\cite{hid-sp18-516-www-percona-server-tokudb}~\cite{hid-sp18-516-www-percona-tokudb}.
