\section{Blockchain}
\index{Blockchain}

A blockchain is a continuously growing list of linked records, called
blocks. The most recent transactions are recorded and added to it in
chronological order, it allows the public to keep track of all
transactions in the chain without central recordkeeping. Each computer
participating in the blockchain gets a copy of the data which is
downloaded automatically.

Blockchains are decentralized by design and provide a new level of the
way we trust data. For use as a distributed ledger, a blockchain is
typically managed by a peer-to-peer network on the internet
collectively agreeing to a protocol for validating new blocks. Once
recorded, the data in any given block cannot be changed. One computer
trying to tamper a record would have to beat all the computers in the
network that are verifying the transactions. Thus tampering is very
close to impossibility.

Blockchains ``are an example of a distributed computing system with
high Byzantine fault tolerance.  Decentralized consensus has therefore
been achieved with a blockchain.  This makes blockchains potentially
suitable for the recording of events, medical records, and other
records management activities, such as identity management,
transaction processing, documenting provenance, food traceability or
voting''~\cite{hid-sp18-506-Blockchain}.

Alhough, the popular use of blockchain nowadays is with the generation
of cryptocurrency, blockchain has more to offer. Big corporations as
well the government Institutions have been realizing the potential of
the blockchain technology. Recently, the US Department of Health
sponsored a contest to the public to propose how can blockchain be
used to help improve the health care systems of the country.  IBM is
looking into how to integrate blockchain in the food
industry. Microsoft has partnered with Accenture to use blockchain to
store who don't have any form of identification and there are billions
of them in the world. Blockchain is here to stay.
