## ID2020


|          |        |
| -------- | ------ |
| title    | ID2020 |
| status   | 95     |
| section  | TBD    |
| keywords | TBD    |




ID2020 is a new software tool sponsored by the United Nations. It will
let millions of refugees and other without documents whip out a phone or
other device to quickly show who they are and where they came from. The
tool, developed in part by Microsoft and Accenture, combines biometric
data (like a fingerprint or an iris scan) and a new form of
record-keeping technology, known as the blockchain, to create a
permanent identity.

The rapid proliferation of smart devices globally, combined with
ever-increasing computing power and rapidly expanding broadbanda
coverage, enables new methods of registration and facilitates ongoing
interaction between individuals and their identity data.



> ``An estimated 1.1 billion people, including many millions of
> children, women and refugees, globally lack any form of officially
> recognized identification. Without an identity, individuals are
> often invisible - unable to vote, access healthcare, open a bank
> account, or receive an education - and bear higher risk for
> trafficking. Without accurate population data, public and private
> organizations struggle to broadly and accurately deliver the most
> basic human services'' [@hid-sp18-506-NoID].



Most people associate cryptocurrency with blockchain. But blockchain
obviously has more to offer. This is an example where the blockchain
technology has a significant social impact outside of the usual
cryptocurrency. It is so revolutionizing it could replace the data
storage that we traditionally use for big data. Blockchain still has a
lot of untapped potential.
