## Azure Data Factory :smiley: :exclamation: fa18-523-84

|          |                        |
| -------- | ---------------------- |
| title    | Azure Data Factory     | 
| status   | 90                     |
| section  | Workflow-Orchestration |
| keywords | Workflow-Orchestration |

Every day billions of gigabytes of data are generated by sensors,
applications and our interactions in the digital world
[@fa18-523-84-bbc-azure-data-factory]. In the age of Big Data
companies need a way to process and organize the data that is
generated by their applications. Azure Data Factory is a tool that can
be used to make sense of this data by collecting data across many
sources, organizing the data, publishing data and monitoring the data
flow [@fa18-523-84-microsoft-azure-data-factory]. This is achieved
through four major components. The first component of Azure Data
Factory is to connect data sources. Second, once the data is collected
to a central data store in the cloud it can be transformed for use in
business analytics or other applications. This transformation is done
through the use of tools such as HDInsight Hadoop, Spark, Data Lake
Analytics, and Machine Learning
[@fa18-523-84-microsoft-azure-data-factory]. The third component of
Azure Data Factory is the ability to publish your transformed data so
that business intelligence tools and other applications can utilize
the data. Finally, Azure Data Factory provides a portal to monitor the
data pipeline that has been set up.

The advantage of Azure Data Factory described on the Microsoft website
is the 70 data connectors that are available and can be implemented
with clicks, not code, in the user interface
[@fa18-523-84-microsoft-adf-overview]. There are also many other ETL
tools on the market that have similar functionality.  Choosing an ETL
tool is an important decision when creating a pipeline to manage your
data.  Some important factors to consider are the ability to connect
to the sources that you are using to collect data, the speed of
development, stability and cost [@fa18-523-84-choosing-etl]. Azure Data
Factory has a robust list of data connectors.  However, there are
other ETL tools such as MuleSoft that offer an ecosystem of data
connectors which extends the list of data sources that can be
connected out of the box [@fa18-523-84-mulesoft]. The development speed
can be a challenge for many of the ETL tools available.  This depends
on your data sources as well as the complexity of the transform
process.  Azure Data Factory has an extensive list of functionality
but it may be difficult to implement depending on what is needed.
Azure is one of the leaders in data storage and processing.  As a more
established player in the space, the reliability of the platform may
be greater than some of Microsoft's smaller competitors.  As for
pricing the cost is comparable to the cost of Amazon Web Services Glue
which is a similar ETL tool for AWS services
[@fa18-523-84-aws-glue-price] [@fa18-523-84-adf-pricing].

In summary Azure Data Factory is an enterprise level ETL tool that
supports the collection of data, transformation process, publication
of data and monitoring of data flows.  There are many ETL tools
available and choosing the right one depends on many factors.  Azure
Data Factory is a good tool for larger businesses that may already
have a presence on Azure but are also generating data from a variety
of other sources.
