## Cascading :smiley: :exclamation: fa18-523-65


|          |                        |
| -------- | ---------------------- |
| title    | Cascading              | 
| status   | 10                     |
| section  | Workflow-Orchestration |
| keywords | Workflow-Orchestration |

:o: quotation preferred

Amount of data required to be processed for big data applications that
help organizations is huge and is increasing day by day. Hadoop is used
to help process such large amount of data. Hadoop does this by dividing
data among multiple machines in a cluster and then allowing applications
to perform needed task using MapReduce strategy. Cascading comes into 
picture by allowing users to create these applications that perform 
operations to process raw data, create workflows that streamline 
functions working on processed data and finally export results that are 
generated by performing MapReduce per functions created in earlier 
stages [@fa18-523-65-cascading-1].

While working with big data, we can start by working on small sub-set of 
data on local machine and test if the application is working as intended.
If satisfied, the application can then be scaled to work on big data. 
Other way Cascading is useful is that programmers can use other languages
besides Java to work with big data by developing their API in language
they are good at using. Programmers are typically good at thinking about
how to perform filters, joins on big data but not so in terms of MapReduce.
Cascading allows to create applications where program is first thought of
in these terms that come naturally. Cascading allows to visualize whole
process and hence we can understand where system is running into issues
and fix those. This also helps figure out cost of performing certain tasks
and optimize cost/time. 

Other big advantage of cascading is scalability. Applications developed using 
Cascading can be scaled quickly to more and different data for it to work 
and perform desired data processing. Cascading works with other platforms 
such as Tez and Flink. It can also be used locally. Cascading is used by 
many companies that need big data handling such as Twitter, LinkedIn, eBay,
Nokia to build their large-scale deployments using Cascading as basic 
building block [@fa18-523-65-cascading-1].
